For 23 years,
we’ve called this place home.
We’ve raised a family here
—two beautiful girls.
Six months ago,
my boss called me into his office.
The company was restructuring.
They valued my work,
but if I wanted to keep my job,
I would need to move.
It was a difficult decision.
My job allowed me to support my family well,
and it had never interfered
with our spiritual routine.
We said many prayers about it.
We discussed it as a family,
and we decided to move.
But we were anxious.
My family has only ever known
one home, one congregation.
My girls have many friends
in the congregation,
good examples who are helping them
to serve Jehovah.
This is going
to be hard on all of us.
A brother in our hall had moved
into the congregation a few years ago.
I asked him how his family
coped with the challenge.
He said that the key to staying grounded
is maintaining the one thing
that should never change
—our spiritual routine.
But that requires
work and planning
to make sure our move doesn’t stop us
from getting to the meetings,
sharing in the ministry,
spending time
with our brothers and sisters,
and looking after our family.
His advice was spot-on.
After some research, I found a scripture
that illustrated our situation.
“And the rain poured down
and the floods came
“and the winds blew and lashed
against that house, but it did not cave in,
for it had been founded on the rock.”
The discreet man
built his house on good foundations.
It took a plan,
and he worked hard.
When the storm came,
his house survived.
As a family,
we needed a plan that would help us
stay spiritually grounded through our move.
So we wrote our own plan.
Just like the discreet man,
we wanted to build our move
on a strong spiritual foundation.
So we made a visit
to our new congregation ahead of our move.
Over the years,
it becomes a comfort
to walk into a Kingdom Hall
and see familiar faces.
Walking into our new congregation
reminded me
how much we are going
to miss everyone.
But the Bible tells us
that ‘with the measure we measure out,
others will measure
to us in return.’
So we resolved
to show love first.
Hello, I’m Jessica.
Hi, I’m Samantha.
Nice to meet you.
The best way to get to know
our new congregation is to work
with the brothers
and sisters in the ministry.
No matter where we go,
we’ll find people
that love Jehovah
and each other.
Moving day finally arrived.
The last boxes were packed.
We locked the door one final time
and began our journey to our new home.
It took effort,
but visiting the congregation
ahead of time
was well worth it.
Look!
We already have friends here.
Unpacking seemed to never end,
but the one thing
that we all promised ourselves
at family worship
was that we would not let
our move affect
our spiritual routine.
Has anyone seen my ties?
Found them!
We planned that we
wouldn’t let anything stop us
from going to the meetings.
The ministry is very different.
We’ve had to adapt
and learn new techniques.
The brothers and sisters
are different too.
It’s important not to focus
on negative comparisons.
Instead, be positive.
During this transition,
it is especially important to be sensitive
to our spiritual needs.
Family worship is vital.
Keeping spiritually grounded
through such a big transition isn’t easy,
especially with a family.
It took a lot of time
and energy to care for our needs,
not just spiritually,
but emotionally too.
Planning ahead,
like the discreet man,
helped our family
to stay spiritually grounded.